NEW @W-19772057@ Integrated enhanced selectors into CLI (#1904)
forcedotcom/code-analyzer: messages/config-command.md

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --rule-selector eslint:no-undef

- Display any relevant configuration settings associated with PMD rules whose severity is 2 or 3:

>   <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --rule-selector eslint:(2,3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --rule-selector pmd:(2,3)
```

# flags.rule-selector.summary

Selection of rules, based on engine name, severity level, rule name, tag, or a combination of criteria separated by colons and commas, and grouped by parentheses.

# flags.rule-selector.description

Use the `--rule-selector` flag to display only the configuration associated with the rules based on specific criteria. You can select by engine, such as the rules associated with the "retire-js" or "eslint" engine. Or select by the severity of the rules, such as high or moderate. You can also select rules using tag values or rule names.

> You can further filter the list by combining different criteria using colons to represent logical AND, commas to represent logical OR, and parentheses to create groupings. For example, `--rule-selector pmd:(Performance,Security):2` reduces the output to onlycontain the configuration state associated with PMD rules that have the Performance or Security tag and a severity of 2. You may also specify the flag multiple times to OR multiple selectors together. For example, `--rule-selector Performance,Security` is equivalent to `--rule-selector Performance --rule-selector Security`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can further filter the list by combining different criteria using colons to represent logical AND, commas to represent logical OR, and parentheses to create groupings. For example, `--rule-selector pmd:(Performance,Security):2` reduces the output to only contain the configuration state associated with PMD rules that have the Performance or Security tag and a severity of 2. You may also specify the flag multiple times with OR multiple selectors together. For example, `--rule-selector Performance,Security` is equivalent to `--rule-selector Performance --rule-selector Security`.
```
